Joe Bowers.
My name is Joe Bowers.
I have a brother Ike.
I came from old Missouri.
Yes, all the way from Pike.
I used to court a pretty girl by the name of Sally Black.
I asked her to marry me.
She said it was a whack.
But says she to me, Joe Bowers, before we hitch for life, you'd better get a little house to keep your little wife.
I says, Sally, oh Sally, it's all for your sake.
I'll go down to California and try to raise a stake.
At length I went to mining, put in my biggest licks.
Fell down upon the shining, just like a thousand bricks.
I worked both late and early, through rainstorm and snow.
It was all for my dear Sally's sake, oh yes, the same to Joe.
At length there came a letter, it was from my brother Ike.
It came from old Missouri, yes, all the way from Pike.
It had some of the goldarnedest news a fellow ever heard.
That Sally had married a butcher and the butcher had red beard.
There was something more in this letter that would make a fellow swear.
That Sally's got a baby and the baby's got red hair.